CONVOLUTIONAL NEURAL NETS - ASSIGNEMNT GUIDELINES

1. CATS & DOGS [2 pts]

We will start by following the notebook. 01_cnn_template.ipynb, where our goal will be to build a neural net for classifying cats and dogs images.

EVALUATION QUESTIONS AND CODING EXERCISES
You will find three different TODOs in the code.

TODO 1. Add a convolutional layer with the specifications defined in the code.

TODO 2. Flatten the output of the last convolutional layer to add a dense layer.

TODO 3. Add the dense layer (the one before the last output layer) with the
specifications defined in the code.


2. REGULARIZATION [3 pts]

We are at 72% of validation accuracy, while at a 100% percent in training accuracy. Clearly, we are in an overfitting scenario. Too many free params (~10M!) for just a few samples
(2000)
In the next notebook 02_cnn_template.ipynb, we are trying to cope with this, by using several regularization techniques.

EVALUATION QUESTIONS AND CODING EXERCISES

TODO 1. Data Augmentation. Explain how it is working ImageDataGenerator.
Specifically, explain what all the parameters, already set, and their respective values mean.
One by one, from rotation_range to fill_mode.

TODO 2. Dropout.
• Explain	Dropout	as	a	regularization	technique.
• Add	a	Dropout	layer	with	a	dropout	rate	of	0.2.
• Try	dropout	of	0.9	and	0.1	rate.	Explain	the	different	behavior.

TODO 3. Fit the final model following the specifications in the code


3. STAND ON THE SHOULDERS OF GIANTS [4 pts]

We did it very well, but could we do it better? The answer is yes. How? By using a pre-trained net. In this case we will use Inception V3
For that we will use the notebook 03_cnn.ipynb and 04_cnn_template.ipynb

TODO 1. Do some research and explain the inception V3 topology. Which database
do they use for training it? How was trained?

TODO 2. Inception V3 is set by default to admit input images of (299, 299, 3)
dimensions; but we want (and we will use) inputs of (150, 150, 3). If the net is already
trained, how is that even possible?

TODO 3. Let’s change the database. Will Inception work well with different
objects? Use Inception V3 to outperform the results of a small convnet in a flower database.

Complete the code in 04_cnn_template.ipynb to use Inception V3 in this database in the
same way we did it for cats & dogs.
