SUPPORT VECTOR MACHINE CLASSIFICATION

Implement a working solution for a Machine Learning problem. In more detail, we will make use of the Mobile Price Classification dataset.

For more details, please refer to the webpage of the dataset in Kaggle: https://www.kaggle.com/iabhishekofficial/mobile-price-classification. 
In this sense, your solution must include:

- Python Notebook with the implementation of your solution. And it has to generate the prediction file that you send me. Please, leverage 
the capabilities that these formats provide to explain and analyze your results. 

- In addition to the description of your work that you will include in the report (see point 3), it is always nice to review a Notebook that explains what 
you are trying to do and to analyze the results, instead of just being a list of code cells to be executed with no information whatsoever. 
You can use the Notebook to provide a more technical explanation and the report for a more business-like description. 

Just make sure to comprehensively explain in the report (see point 3) these steps.

Prediction file, including the predictions of your final model to the data in the test set. This is what I will use to evaluate the quality of your model. 
I have created a training and a test dataset (attached to this announcement). This prediction file must include the predictions that your model assigns to 
the data in the provided test dataset.

A comprehensive description of your work: It has to summarize all your findings, the insights you could have extracted from the data, the conclusions of 
the different steps of your analysis, as well as the conclusions from your results. Think of this report as what you would present to the relevant 
business stakeholders to justify your work.

The final grade of your assignment will depend on:
Performance of your model (measured by the accuracy in predicting the target variable: price_range), compared to the performance of the rest of the 
groups (50%).  Report summarizing your work (50%)
